ok away from heaven then if you are 6 johnson
we know and have mobilized
spontaneous silk provino lesa injured
the specificities and the pineapple are already online
if don juan useful we are seeing a
cornish rex which is a cat that has one
spontaneous mutation than from this
characteristic to the mantle
wavy papers signing in English
the characteristic of the memory of this
breed and have this sailboat line
with the arched back they closed
of elder to savona desio maric lost la
characteristic of the face of this breed
we see that having these round eyes
like the tertiaries, however, with big ears
and it is not known that it is a character
absolutely sweet to hear
ok from the move here is the school
to
jacques site aki another brisk
those who are more distant than us
we are seeing a brit air one from that
it was a cat that was developed by
man to this characteristic that has the
body of the regular Middle Eastern area
with were with so the body and along the
tail and end to push the head e
triangulate off the duo the profile of
be straight or wagon class we read about
cute ears are ample and are
positioned slightly open e
they continue with the triangle of the head
desio founded eyes are
absolutely awesome if you see
they are elongated with sykes
canary the characteristic of the mantle
be as long as the canadian tanks flop
blue jean consensus and the hammer in
effects is not completely naked and
slightly velvety to the fact that almost
that we read fossils and look a little
of the veil is to be slightly
hard as a fox terrier